how do  mix a detective /thriller with a love story. ?
let the love intest need the dectives help...




a goal ,an obstancle and inability to compromise
1. Conflict idea  10 ?
goal : dective wants to solve murder
obstance : does know who kill the person 
on compromise : the person kill was he best friend.

goal: dective find out who kill a drill rapper.
obstance: nobody want tell are be seem a a rat .
no compromise : because beyond the scence this drill rapper was pushing peace 

goal: dective wants to solve murder
obstance: he is in love with the love who kill the person
no compromise : he know what it feels like to have a love one murder and pomise the vitin famliy justice

  goal : dective find  a missing child
  obstancle: does know where to look to find 
  on compromise : his dad went missing when he was growing up . 

goal : dective solve murder
  obstancle: finds out the muder is his son
  on compromise : the son kill the love of his  life , the women he let go  . 

  goal : dective solve   of a cold case murder
  obstancle: the person is powerful businessman
  on compromise :  because the business has kill other people the same way and he be stop...

  goal : dective solve   murder of a young 20 year white women 
  obstancle: rasit police department
  on compromise : new evidence proves the the man that was convicted did not do it   . 
  
  goal : dective win back his wife and kids 
  obstancle: his job 
  on compromise : he love bring justice to family in need. 

  goal : solve one be shoot to death
  obstancle : mulitple street angle that don't give good shooting angles
  on compromise : the killing are making the News , his bosses are trying to make people find safe again..
  
goal : solve a burgle / murder 
obstancle : on eye witness, no finger prints 
on compromise : they stole money and top secter information ...

goal : solve a murder poison case 
obstancle: the kill didn't phyical , kill by pills they were taking
on compromise : the person murder is a childhood hero who the devtive grew up on . 







